JAX: Refactor JAX D2L API to support BatchNorm (#2354)
d2l-ai/d2l-en: chapter_linear-classification/softmax-regression-scratch.md

tf.boolean_mask(y_hat, tf.one_hot(y, depth=y_hat.shape[-1]))
```

> :begin_tab:`pytorch, mxnet, tensorflow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Same as above.

Now we can (**implement the cross-entropy loss function**) by averaging over the logarithms of the selected probabilities.

> :end_tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :begin_tab:`jax`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Now we can (**implement the cross-entropy loss function**) by averaging over the logarithms of the selected probabilities.

> Note that to make use of `jax.jit` to speed up JAX implementation, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:begin_tab:`jax`
Note that to make use of `jax.jit` to speed up JAX implementations, and
```

to make sure `loss` is a pure function, the `cross_entropy` function is re-defined
inside the `loss` to avoid usage of any global variables or functions
which may render the `loss` function impure.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Since readers may have doubts on "pure", merge these two paragraphs to make the following explanations closer to where "pure"/"impure" are used.

> We'll refer you to the JAX documentation on `jax.jit` and pure functions [here](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notebooks/Common_Gotchas_in_JAX.html#pure-functions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We refer interested readers to the [JAX documentation](https://jax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notebooks/Common_Gotchas_in_JAX.html#pure-functions) on `jax.jit` and pure functions.
```

```{.python .input}
%%tab jax
@d2l.add_to_class(SoftmaxRegressionScratch)
@partial(jax.jit, static_argnums=(0))
def loss(self, params, X, y, state):
    def cross_entropy(y_hat, y):
        return - d2l.reduce_mean(d2l.log(y_hat[list(range(len(y_hat))), y]))
    y_hat = state.apply_fn({'params': params}, X)

>     # Here we also return an empty dictionary indicating aux data for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The returned empty dictionary is a placeholder for auxiliary data,
    # which will be used later (e.g., for batch norm)
```

>     # compatibility with BatchNorm models introduced in Section 8.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
